Create ui-c8y-1021-32-4-properly-reset-remotes-8040.md (#2831)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-32-4-properly-reset-remotes-8040.md

---
date: ""

> title: properly reset remotes (#8040)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Remote reset functionality fixed
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:

>   - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
```

>     label: Web SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Administration
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62327
version: 1021.32.4
---

> properly reset remotes (#8040)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In certain situations, the reset of remotes did not work properly which could lead to inconsistencies and synchronization issues between systems. This has been fixed now so that remotes are always properly reset when triggered. The fix ensures reliable remote handling and prevents potential problems caused by incomplete resets.
```

> In certain situations, the reset of remotes did not work properly which could lead to inconsistencies and synchronization issues between systems. This has been fixed now so that remotes are always properly reset when triggered. The fix ensures reliable remote handling and prevents potential problems caused by incomplete resets.

Reviewer: @reey What is the context here? Where are remotes used?

---
date: ""

> title: Reset to default button for installed plugins of an application fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Reset to default functionality for application plugins works properly
```

ticket: MTM-62327
version: 1021.32.4
---

> In certain situations, the `Reset to default` button (available in the Administration app on the list of plugins installed to a certain application) did not work properly which could lead to inconsistencies. This has been adressed so that the application plugins will be loaded like there was never any modification done to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain situations, the **Reset to default** button in the list of plugins installed to a certain application did not work properly which could lead to inconsistencies. This has been addressed so that the default application plugins will be loaded properly on resetting the plugins to default.
```
